Hello Guys welcome to a new section of our course you're going to start.
Correcting a problem we have in our theme.
If you hover over a post-Idol or an image you'll see that none of them has a link.
So here in the home page for example if you tried to click on any post image or any title you'll not
be able to get anywhere.
That's very sad in today's lesson.
Are you going to solve this problem once and for all.
OK first we've got to figure out where we need to make the changes.
Let's open up the page home that beach be filed.
And here in the file in which you loops as you remember two files have been required and it's within
these files that we can find the post contents.
Let's start with the current and future dot file.
In this file they have a DIV tag for the film now and also a name tag ready post-Idol comes from.
This is where we have to change well to create a link going to use an anchor tag that's created here
within this div tag.
Let's go ahead and cut out all of the content from the featured image and paste that here inside the
anchor tag.
Now here is the secret inside the HGF attribute.
Let's pass a WordPress function called the permalink permalink in wordpress.
Nothing more than your house in which a resource or article will be permanently saved.
To put it simple links are all the links for posts pages etc..
Let's do the same thing now for the H2 tag
and other thing we can do here is place this as to tag below the featured image so that the thing can
be as similar as possible to the initial layout OK.
Now we can say
now as you can see we have the featured news link both here in the picture and here in the title.
It can do the same thing now for the secondary row.
To do this.
Open up the content secondary.
That page file as the content will be the same.
It can copy the changes we made in the other file and paste in here.
NET safe now.
And now we also have the links for the secondary news icons.
See if you click here you can already get somewhere.
I can do the same thing for the posts that are being called on the blog page.
If you visit that page see we don't have links here either for none of the items.
This post here.
I've been called by that loop that they have inside the index that page file and in this loop as you
remember at least I hope you remember we are requiring three content files which are these three here.
As open one by one but this time it's going to be easier because we already know what to do.
So let's go ahead and copy only the modified tag of this file here and a space in each of the files.
Let's do the same for the thumbnails
OK.
Everything saved.
Let's see how the blog page looks like
OK everything's fine.
Now look again the links in all the polls.
Very good.
In the next lesson we will continue on.
Now that we got the links we will learn how to create the single view WordPress template file so see
then.